We now have our own book set up, so let's go back to our detailed screen and see you can save a book.
I had a few of the properties there real quick.
So let's start with title because that seems to be important.
And how do I pass the title, where they are or where do I get that information from when I say book
data?
For this book data?
We have access to it because we inside of our show book details and we created at the top there UK,
where a single currency looked at an going to get his title to a string as such.
And then I'm going to add authors, OK, book data authors to a string.
It's just very boring.
I do realize this, but nonetheless we have to do this and the description to string
the categories book data.
Categories to string.
Looks like he doesn't need me to do so, so let's go ahead and replace Jess with a dot, as it says
it doesn't need that either.
OK, I continue here.
I'm going to put notes for now, notes just going to have an empty string as such.
That will be added later.
That's fine.
And photo your al.
Look at her.
Images that thumbnail and then published date the same thing, page count, book data.
Now, page count is going to come in as integer, I believe, so I'm going to say to string.
Is that true?
Let's see.
All right, and then we're up to a string like this pitch count is indeed just a string, so it's OK
we can do such and let's see rating well now, would you say 0.0?
That's just the beginning.
And then I'm past Google Book.
I'd say Google.
Book it.
Remember this Google book idea?
We're getting that from our Google book, where we got from book info that data that it last but not
least get a pass or user ID to get your user ID again, because we love Firebase and Firebase is everywhere.
You can see Firebase offers.
That good instance, and it can get current user and get you I.D. and say to a stranger like this.
And there we go.
This will give us a united our idea of the current user that's logged in, and I know for sure you will
have a current user ID because you can't enter or we can't do anything in this app without having an
account.
So you will have an ID.
And there you have it.
So now we have created this object, our book object, which is ready to be saved on, told everybody.
So let's go to our save to Firebase is this book has been passed, right?
So now here we have created.
Indeed, our database instance there.
Well, let's see.
Database collection is such an ongoing DB.
We say collection.
I'm going to create a collection right now is going to be called books.
OK, I'm going to use those.
All right.
So I'm going to put an if statement here to make sure that all is good.
And I say if the string, whatever we getting that object is not empty, that's the case, then we are
ready to go.
Else, we're going to do something else.
OK.
So in say here because we know the book is not empty, so it's actually a valid book.
This is where I'm going to say, well, DB Collection can use that collection reference and select Add
to that.
And then I'm going to add our, yes, our book object, and then I'm going to attach a and add on success
listener as such.
And we're save document wrath so much so we can check if things are good.
We're going to be clever here a little bit.
Well, the idea is that, OK, so once that book is saved right, we are going to snap the reference
ID of that book was anything that saved in that their base will have a reference ID.
It's all made.
What I mean by that when we save something that document is created, we're going to have this idea,
right?
So what are we going to do?
We're going to save the book and the moment we save the book, we get the document reference is going
to be this.
And then right after we do that, we're going to update the same book one field and add the new ID for
the book.
In this case.
We're going to go back to our book passing the ID in this ID field, because remember, this ID field
is actually going to be inside of the book, which we don't have here.
I'm just referencing what you can see, but they did same.
We actually are going to have it as a property or a field in our document because I see if I see users,
this document is just a document ID.
But I want to add that Document ID if you think about it into the field.
So I can then check later to see if that where that book belong and what it is and so forth.
OK, so where we are, we are safe to database.
OK, safe to Firebase because we get so we have this document reference.
OK, now what I'm going to do and I say, wow, I say Doc ID and it was a document reference.
I'm going to get that ID right away.
OK, once I have that ID, then I'm going to say database.
So I'm going to say DB collection, and I'm going to say, let's go to a document.
This document, I need to pass the idea of this document.
Well, this document is going to be a document reference that ID or equity just pass.
This idea that it created here, let's do that because the same thing, right?
So now I'm getting to that document we just created and then I'm going to say that update Oh, now look
how cool this is.
I can update one field only if I need to.
I don't have to update the whole document.
Interesting.
So in this case here to update one field, we know that we need to pass a hash map of any type.
So I'm going to just do it here.
It was a hash map of.
I know.
Go back to book.
I have this I.D., which was ignored before it excluded, right when we created this and book.
But now we're going to go back to it.
I'm going to get this idea and to do so, I'm going to put it inside of it.
I'm going to relate that to what I'm going to say to our doc.
I'd like that and of course, we want us to cast that as a map like this.
Does that make sense?
So the moment we save this book that we saved right away, when we know that there is success that happened,
so we were actually saved something, we have this document reference, which contains the aid of this
document, a book that was just saved, what we do next, each as we removed that aid, putting it inside
of the stockade.
And then we go back, it's a collection.
Get that document ID that we just added, and I'm going to update one field ID and pass in the Doc I.D.
that we just got and we can attach to add on complete listener such letter lambda.
And this is going to be a task which will have more information that we may need to use.
So now I can say, well, OK, if all of that worked out, which is wonderful, we can test or check
writing and say if task is successful, right?
Following the successful, that means we're good.
What do I need to do?
I'm going to say NAF controller fact this point because I don't have access to that.
Let's, first of all, make this a composable and which means we need to change this and I'm going to
pass here in NAF controller.
I such as well.
OK, so now we have the controller.
I say Dot Pop Stack there, that's it.
And then I'm going to also say add on failure listener.
In this case, I was just going to say log.
I believe like that and just say something like, well, life is not good.
Say era error updating.
Doc?
Oops!
This is going to be this is where I put the actual document like the exception for say.
Like this?
OK.
All right.
This would change this save for her base and to pass it to Paris knife controller like that.
Let's just remove all of that.
Keep it.
What we had before.
OK.
That should be OK, because we instead of a composable and then we have that issue, we can't call it.
All right.
Let's check it up and see if this works.
OK, let's go.
Let's see Flutter today.
Safe.
OK.
Let's see, that's true, because it took us back to where we needed to be.
That's a moment of truth.
Let's refresh.
We should see books collection there and hopefully with her book.
And what do you know?
Have a book?
Voila!
And it's exactly that book that we just added, Oh.
This is so exciting.
Ladies and gentlemen, and look at this, this is important because we even added.
Look at this ad. It's exactly the same as the book document I.D., which is exactly what we wanted.
We have these already wonderful.
This is great.
So let's say I'm going to add another book on running.
About that one.
Yes, I read about it.
All the things and stay safe and I get back there.
They come here.
So refresh, we should see a second book about running.
There you go.
Very well, it's working.
All right.
This is very exciting.
Oh, all that work.
And we're now seeing things actually happening, so we know things are working.
And obviously next, the next thing we need to do is to come back to Maine here and start showing the
books that we have been saving for this user showing them here, at least in the reading list.
All right.
I'll see you next.